APM > .NET Tracer (#11200)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core.md

    tag: "GitHub"
    text: "Source code"
---

> ## Capabilities

Reviewer: If we're going to add a "Capabilities" section, we should add a bullet point for the main features of the tracer (generating distributed traces) and add it at the top of the list.

Author: This section has been removed.

Author: Updated and reflected in https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/11200/commits/77793e5a94b644a2679fb90ab651acd9a154876b

- Monitor [runtime metrics][1] to help troubleshoot bugs and detect resource inefficiencies in .NET applications & services.

- Ability to correlate [traces & application logs][2].

- End-to-end visibility with [Real User Monitoring][3] by linking requests from the web and mobile applications to their corresponding backend traces.

## Compatibility requirements

### Supported .NET Core runtimes

The .NET Tracer supports instrumentation on .NET Core 2.1 and above.

| Version             
| -------------------- |
| .NET 5               |

> | .NET Core 3.1 (LTS)  |

Reviewer: Why are we adding `(LTS)` to this list? Seems like additional noise which is not useful in this context.

Author: I am happy to remove the LTS - I had it there since the Microsoft docs call it out.

Author: Updated and reflected in https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/11200/commits/77793e5a94b644a2679fb90ab651acd9a154876b

| .NET Core 3.0        |

> | .NET Core 2.2        |

Reviewer: We don't support 2.2 and 3.0, why are we adding them to the list?

Author: Updated list

Author: Updated and reflected in https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/11200/commits/77793e5a94b644a2679fb90ab651acd9a154876b

| .NET Core 2.1 (LTS)  |

> For a full list of supported libraries and processor architectures, visit the [Compatibility Requirements][4] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of supported libraries and processor architectures, see [Compatibility Requirements][4].
```

## Compatibility requirements

### Supported .NET Core runtimes

> The .NET Tracer supports instrumentation on .NET Core 2.1 and above.

Reviewer: I would keep the list we had with the 3 specific versions. ".NET Core 2.1 and above" includes 2.2 and 3.0, which we do not support.

Author: Updated - since the builds are working here is a screenshot: https://a.cl.ly/eDuymDj9

Author: Added here https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/11200/commits/9adac379e411099aa53151c32c4a9f5f9e5c7271

## Compatibility requirements

### Supported .NET Core runtimes

The .NET Tracer supports instrumentation on:

| Version              |
| -------------------- |
| .NET 5               |
| .NET Core 3.1        |

> | .NET Core 2.1        |

Reviewer 2: +1

> | .NET Core 2.1        |

Author: ACK - I have updated to reflect: 

> The .NET Tracer supports instrumentation on .NET Core 2.1, 3.1, and .NET 5.

> For a full list of supported libraries and processor architectures, see Compatibility Requirements.
